Use the is_int() method to check if a certain variable is an integer.
Use the is_float() function to check if the type of a variable is a float
php also has nan, make use of is_nan() to check if a value is not a number
the is_numeric() function is used to check whether a value or a variable is numeric or not. That means whether a number or a numeric string

For casting a string or float to an integer, make use of the (int)

PHP has a set of mathematical functions that allows you to perform mathematical tasks on numbers
pi() returns the value of PI
The min() and max() functions can be used to find the highest or lowest value in a list of arguments
abs() returns the absolute value
sqrt(), round()
The rand() function generates a random number. To gain more control over the random number, we can add the optional min and max parameters to specify the range
to obtain the random number from

constants in php do not begin with $ like normal variables. Instead, they begin with letters or the underscore symbol _. Also, unlike variables, constants
are automatically global across the script. To create a constant, we make use of the define() function like
define(name, value, case-insensitive). In php7, you can create an array constant making use of the define() function.

Essentially, what the spaceship operator does is that it returns the difference between x and y depending on if the difference is less than zero, equal to zero or
greater than zero. <=>

xor - returns true if x or y is true but not both

Null coalescing is similar to the ternary operator. The difference is that while ternary operator checks a condition and then returns two different values depending,
the null coalescing operator assigns the value of the variable to the first one if the variable exists and the value is not Null

The === operator returns true if the variables are the same and they are of the same type
The !== operator returns false if the variables are either not the same or they are not of the same type
The xor operator returns true if either of the conditions is true but not both. or returns true if either or both are true
