The php date() function formats a timestamp to a more readable date and time. It takes two parameters, the format that we would like to format it into and 
the timestamp. For formatting, we have
- d - Represents the day of the month(1 - 31)
- m - represents a month (1-12)
- Y- represents a year(in 4 digits)
l - represents a day of the week

H - 24 hour format of an hour(00 to 23)
h - 12 hour format of an hour with leading zeros (01 to 12)
i - Minutes with leading zeros (00 to 59)
s - seconds with leading zeros (00 to 59)
a - am or pm

Note that the php date() function will return the current date/time of the server. If the time you got back from the code is incorrect, the server is
probably set in another country so we need to set the current timezone. We can make use of the date_default_timezone_set() method to set it. 

The php mktime() function returns the Unix timestamp for a date. The mktime parameters are like mktime(hour, minute, second, month, day, year)
mktime() is like the equivalent of Date.now() in Javascript
The strtotime() function is also used to convert a human readable string into a Unix timestamp

The include() and require() statements are identical except that require() will produce a fatal error and stop the script while include() will only
produce a warning

PHP file handling
- readfile() function reads a file and writes it to the output buffer
The readfile() function is useful if all you want to do is open up a file and read its contents
A better way to open a file is with the fopen() method. It provides more options than the readfile() method
The first parameter of fopen() contains the name of the file that we want to open and the second parameter indicates which mode we want to ope the file in.
We can also generate a message that can be returned if we are unable to open the file.

files may be opened in one of the following modes
r - open a file for read only
w- open a file for write only - overwrites the existign data in the file
a - open a file for write only (essentially append) - the existing data in the file is preserved
x - creates a new file for write only. returns false and an error if the file does not exist
r+ - opens a file for read and write
w+ - opens a file for read and write
a+ - opens a file for read and write
x+ - creates a new file for read and write