An exception can be defined as an object that describes an error or unexpected behavior of a PHP script. Exceptions are a good way to stop a function when
it comes across data that it cannot use.

The throw statement allows a user defined function or method to throw an exception. When an exception is thrown, the code after it will not be executed.
The whole idea is that exceptions and the try catch work together. with php, we have to explicitly throw the exception, unlike with Javascript that we dont have
to be explicit, if an error occured, it will just enter the catch block, with php, we have to throw the exception

The Exception object contains nformation about the error or unexpected behavior that tyhe function encountered
new Exception(message, previous)

Exception object methods
- getMessage() - Returns a string describing why the exception was thrown
- getPrevious() - If this exception was triggered by another one, this method returns the previous exception. Else, it returns null
- getCode() - Returns the exception code
- getFile() - Returns the full path of the file in which the exception was thrown
- getLine() - Returns the line number of the code in which the exception was thrown

The $this keyword in php is only available inside of methods. We can make use of the instanceof keyword to check if an object belongs to a class
A destructor is called when the object is destroyed or the script is stopped or exited

its not just properties that can be protected or private. methods can also be protected or private

The final keyword in php can be used to prevent class overriding.
constants are defined inside classes with the const keyword. We can access constants outside the class by making use of the scope resolution operator ::
much ike static methods. To access the constants inside the class however, we would make use of the self:: keyword

Abstract classes and methods are when the parent class has a named method or methods but needs its child classes to fill out the tasks. An abstract class is a 
class that contains at least one abstract method. An abstract method is a method that is declared but is not implemented in the code.

When inheriting from an abstract class, the child class method must be defined with the same name and the same or a less restricted access modifier. Also, the type
and number of required arguments must be the same. But we can define or add additional optional arguments

So essentially with abstract classes and methods we can have different implementations of the same method