Heroku lets you run your application with a customizable configuration - the configuration sits outside of your application code and can be changed independently
of it. The configuration for can application is stored in config vars. 

In order to set a configuration key, make use of the heroku config:set
The configuration is exposed to a running application via environment variables.

The Heroku platform does not just load a dyno with just the most recent slug. It also loads the dyno with any config variables you may have assigned to the 
application. The combination of slug and configuration is called a release.

Make use of the 'heroku releases' command to see the audit trail of release deploys

Every time you deploy a new version of an application, a new slug is created and a release is generated. As heroku contains a store of the previous releases of
your application, it's very easy to rollback and deploy a previous release with heroku releases:rollback v102

The dyno manager is responsible for keeping dynos running. 

Applications that use the free dyno type will sleep. When a sleeping application receives HTTP traffic, it will be awakened -  causing a delay of a few seconds. Using
one of the other dyno types will avoid sleeping

Applications typically make use of add-ons to provide backing services such as databases, queuing and caching systems, storage, email services and more.
Add-ons are provided as services by Heroku and third parties. addons can be added by making use of the heroku addons:create heroku-redis:hobby-dev

Releases are then your slug + config vars + add-ons

heroku logs gives you the logs of your application

The dynos that run process types named web are different in one way from all other dynos. They will receive HTTP traffic. Heroku's HTTP routers distribute
incoming requests for your application across your running web dynos. So scaling an app's capacity to handle web traffic involves scaling the number
of web dynos

heroku ps:scale web+5

After installing the heroku cli, we can make use of the heroku command from our shell