Anime.js is a very lightweight Javascript animation engine, 14kb minified. Anime provides a very simple API for animating elements. You start by creating an
anime object and passing it a plain Javascript object describing your animation. 
The following is the anatomy of an animation object
Animation Targets: div, .box, #sky
Animatable Properties: height, opacity, color, translateX
Property Parameters: duration, delay, easing, etc
Animation Properties: loop, direction, autoplay

These are the following arguments that we pass in to the anime constructor. We use targets to tell Anime how to find elements on the page
Property values - By specifying a single numeric value for a property, Anime is going to assume that you want to use the element's unit(unitless). It will also
use the element's initial default value for the animation. You can specify the initial value of the property explicitly by setting the value to an array.
For example, you can animate the x position from 50 to 200 by simply using an array translateX:[50,200].
The most common animation properties are duration and easing functions. You can set the duration of the animation using the duration property. By default it
is set to 1000ms.

Using the easing function, we can determine how values would change over time. It is by default set to easeOutElastic.
In Anime JS, you have fine grained control over each property transition by using an object

There are different types of selectors in anime js
- CSS Selector
- DOM Node or NodeList
- An array containing mixed types

Any CSS property can be animated. However, most css properties will cause layout changes or repaint, and will result in choppy animation. As a result, prioritoze
opacity and CSS transforms as much as possible.

Any object property containing a numerical value can also be animated. Any DOM aatributes containing numerical attributes can be animated

The various property parameters are
- duration
- delay
- end delay - this is like the delay at the end of the animation for animations that repeat
- round - round up numbered values to a particular value