NoSQL also uses a different query language but instead of having schemas and relations, NoSQL has other focuses.

In NoSQL, tables are called collections. Collections provide documents that look a lot like Javascript objects.
NoSQL does not have a strict schema. Different rows can have different information.

Also, in NoSQL does not have relationships between collections. Instead of having collections what we have is nested data.

Horizontal and vertical scaling are the two approaches we can use to scale our database. In Horizontal scaling, we simply add more servers and merge all the data
into one database.

With vertical scaling, we make our exising server stronger. We improve our capacity and hardware.

Horizontal scaling is often very difficult with sql databases while vertical scaling is possible

With NoSql, both horizontal and vertical scaling is possible. It also has great performance for mass read and write requests.

Sql has limitations for lots of read and write queries per second

In order to make use of mysql in our application, we need to install a package. mysql2 

There are two ways of making connections with sql databases. The first one is to set up one connection and close if after every query.
A better way is to create a connection pool

We create the connection pool object by calling the pool() method on the mysql2 core package. We pass in an object to the pool method, this object
has severa keys namely host, user, database and password.

Sequelize is an ORM. An Object Relational Mapping Library

Sequelize has mysql2 as a dependency

In order to connect to the database with Sequelize, we need to create an object of the Sequelize class. In the constructor, we pass in the name of our database,
the username and the password. We can also pass in an optional fourth para

My name is Fambegbe Olamileke and I am a boy and I am in ss3 and I want to be a world class developer and I am a believer and I believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.
I am a student of Covenant University and I study Computer science, I love meeting new people and making them happy.
I also love my Daddy. God.