Tailwind Recap
For Tailwind's flex utilities we have .flex, .flex-row, .flex-column, .flex-row-reverse, .flex-column-reverse

For aligning items across the container's cross axis, we have the following utilities,
.items-start, .items-center, .items-end, .items-stretch

Similarly to align-items, we also have the .content set of classes,
.content-start, .content-between, .content-around, .content-center, .content-end

For justify content which involves aligning items across the container's main axis
.justify-start, .justify-center, .justify-end, .justify-between, .justify-around

In order to align individual flex items across the container's cross axis
.self-start, .self-center, .self-end, .self-stretch

Tailwind follows a grid system for its responsive utilities. For column based utilities, it has a class style of .grid .grid-cols-5. What the above class means
that if no other class is applied, the grid is to have 5 equal columns on each row. If we want appropriate different sizes to the different container elements,
we do so by making use of the .col-span- classes. Unlike in Bootstrap, in which if we want a container element to span the entire container, we would say col-12.
With Tailwind, the child element would have to span the entire .col-span, so for a parent element with a class of .grid .grid-cols-5, if we wanted the child
element to span the entire width, it would have a class of .col-span-5. Meaning span across 5 columns. We could also specify where we wanted the child element
to start from and end at. This is akin to Bootstrap's .offset classes. However, when doing this, it is important to keep in mind that when counting, it does not start
from 0 but rather at 1. So for a parent element with .grid-cols-5. It would start from 1 and end with 6, while for .grid-cols-8, it would start from 1 and end at 9.

Just like Tailwind has spacing utilities for columns, if you wanted to go in the opposite direction and arrange elements according to rows, this can be done by making
use of a .grid .grid-rows-. Unlike with columns that have a limit of 12. Rows have a limit of 6. All these can however be modified in the tailwind.config.js
file. We can also make use of a .row-span- to specify the amount of space that each child element should take. We can also specify .row-start and .row-end.

Finally, we have the .gap class, to specify the amount of space in the gutters in both x and y directions. for x direction we make use of .col-gap while
for y direction, we make use of .row-gap