Compatibility Matrix - Matrix from hell

Containers are completely isolated environments. They can have their own processes, services,
network interfaces and mounts except that they share the same OS kernel.

Docker utilizes Aleksey environments.

Operating systems like Ubuntu, Fedora and CentOS. They all consist of two things, an OS kernel and a set of software. The OS kernel is what is responsible for interacting with the 
underlying hardware while the software above it is what makes the OS above it different. The software above consists of UI, compilers

The main purpose of Docker is to package and containerize applications and to ship them and run them anywhere anytime

Virtual Machines run and contain their own operating systems. But with containers, they share the same operating system kernel

An image is a package or a template that is used to create one or more containers. Containers are running instances of images that are isolated and have their own environments and processes.

Before, the development and operations teams used to work separately. The development team would build the application and then hand it over to the operations team for deployment.
But with Docker, the development and operation teams work together to produce a DockerFile with both of their instructions and this DockerFile is used to create an image of the 
application.

Docker has two editions, the Community edition and the enterprise edition.

Community Edition is free

The docker run command is used to run a container from an image

The docker ps command shows the list of all the running containers

The docker ps command lists all the running containers. The docker ps -a lists all the containers including those that have exited

To stop a container, make use of the docker stop command. Provide either the id or name of the container to the docker stop command

Use the docker rm command to remove a stopped container

Run the docker images command to see a list of all the images running on our host

To remove an image run the docker rmi command with the name of the image

Use the docker pull command to only install an image and not run it

Unlike with virtual machines, containers are not meant to host an operating system. They are only meant to be responsible for a particular service or application such as your webserver
or your database or app.

Once the process inside of your container stops running, your container exits. A container only lives as long as the process inside it is running.

Make use of the docker exec command to execute a command on your running container

When you run a docker command, it runs in the foreground, meaning that you will see the output in the terminal

Make use of the -d option to run your application in the background in detached mode

If you are specifying the name or id of any docker container, all you have to do is to specify the first few characters of the name or id