Laravel includes the ability to seed your database with test data using seed classes. All seed classes are stored in the database/seeders directory. By default,
a DatabaseSeeder class is defined for you. From this class, you may make use of the call method to run other seed classes. Note that Mass Assignment protection
is automatically disabled during database seeding. To generate a seeder, execute the php artisan make:seeder command. The generated seeder is placed in the
database/seeders directory. A seeder class only contains one method by default, the run method. This method is called when the php artisan db:seed command is run.

We can make use of model factories to conveniently generate large amounts of database records. To create a factory, we can make use of the php artisan make:factory
command. The --model option when creating factories can be specified to indicate the model that the factory is created for.

State manipulation methods allow you to define discrete modifications that can be applied to your factories in any combination.
Factory callbacks are registered using the afterMaking and afterCreating methods and allow you to perform additional tasks after making or creating a model. 
Register these callbacks by defining a configure() method on your factory class.

Once you have defined your factories, you may use the static factory() method provided by making use of the HasFactory trait in your model.
We can define as many models making use of the count() method chained to the make() method. 

We can also apply our state transformation to the models that we are creating by simply calling the method on the factory()->make().
If you would like to override some of the default attributes, we can simply pass in an array of attributes to the make() or create() method.

The call method accepts an array of seeders which specifies an order in which the seeders are to be run. We can seed our database with the php artisan make:seeder
command. If we only want to seed a particular individual seeder, we can add a --class option