Leke take note that anytime you use 2 slashes in Python, it rounds down the result instead of returning a decimal number probably with a single slash
The global helper method pow() is used to find a number and its exponent

Also, leke take note that we can multiply strings in Python

We can access substrings in Python from a string by making use of bracket notation. Python also has something called negative indexes. With the index -1
we can access the last character in a string.

We can access substrings by making use of the [f:e] index. If we name [2:6], It will print out from index 2 to index 5

The len method is used to obtain the length of a string

Lists are the Python equivalent of arrays.
The append() method is much the same as array_push() in php and .push() in Javascript

Python uses : for blocks of code

Also, Leke remember that we can make use of the 'or' and 'and' keywords. With Python I need to let go of the previous notations of expressing logic like ==, || and
&&. Instead, we can make use of is, or and and. Also, the in keyword is used to check if an item is present in the list

In situations in which we do not know the number of parameters that a function would take We can make use of the *args parameter to contain all the parameters
that the user specifies. In Python, there is a concept called unpacking arguments. 

Sets are essentially collections of items like lists but the difference between sets and lists is that sets cannot contain duplicates. Sets are also created with
{}, instead of [] like lists

Dictionaries in Python are essentially like JSON objects with key/value pairs. In order to loop through a Python dictionary.

In Python, there are four collection data types 

List - A collection which is ordered and changeable. Allows for duplicate members
Tuple- A collection which is ordered and unchangebale. Allows for duplicate members
Set - A collection which is unordered and unindexed. Does not allow for duplicate members
Dictionary - Unordered, changeable and indexed. No duplicate members