Css Animations make animating web elements much easier. It eliminates the need for Javascript/Jquery for animation effects. 

Css Transforms transform web elements in all kind of weird and wonderful ways
Apparently the text-align property works on img elements too

The transform property can take various values 
translate - This means move the element from one position to the other on the webpage
translateX- Move the element along the X-axis
translateY - Move the element along the Y-axis

Essentially its like the position property

There is also a shorthand for the translate() property which is two parameters, the first value represents the translateX, while the second values
represents the translateY

The next value of the transform property is scale
What scale does is that scales the element larger or smaller across the X or Y axis. 1, is the default scale value, so setting it to 1 does nothing
But if the value is above 1, it is going to stretch the element, but if it is below 1, it is going to shrink the element
If you set the value to -1, it flips the element.

If we use just scale(), whatever value it is it sets it along the X and Y axis

The next value that transform takes is rotate- We have rotateX() and it takes the value in degrees. Now , the thing about rotate is that it makes
the element smaller, because we are looking at it in 3D. There is also a third value which is rotateZ(). What that does is that it flips it more
traditionally along the X and Y axis in that it is a change that we can actually see. 
We can also chain all the commands by putting them on the same line. like rotate() translate() scale()

Leke take note that the transform property works depending on the top of the image. It does that because the Z-axis has flipped it

Transitions are the best way to perform animations on the webpage
I think rotateZ is the same thing as rotate. Its even possible to chain transitions 

We can even delay transitions. The first time that we supply is the transition time while the second value is the transition delay

Transition timing functions
linear- The transition takes place at the same speed
ease-in- The transiton starts of slower and becomes faster
ease-out(ease)- The transition starts off faster and becomes slower