Different machine learning algorithms represent different strategies for learning the mapping function

When learning algorithms, there is also an error e that we need to take into account that is independent of the input data 

This error, might be not having enough attributes to sufficiently determine the best mapping from X to Y. . This error is called am irreducible error, 
because no matter how good we get at estimating the target functoon, we cannot reduce this error

The most common type of machine learning is to learn the mapping Y=f(X) to make predictions of Y for new values of X

The relationship between the inputs and outputs is called statistical inference. Inferring y from x

When we learn a function, we are estimating it from the the data available. As such, there will always be error

Machine learning algorithms are techniques for estimating the target function (f) to predict the value of Y based on X

Different representations make different assumptions about the form of the function being learned such as whether it is linear or non-linear, the shape 
and strucutre of the function and how best to optimize a representation to approximate it. This is why it is so important to try a suite of different
algorithms on a machine learning problem because we cannot know before hand which one will be best.

Parametric Machine Learning Algorithms
Assumptions can greatly simplify the learning process, but can also limit what is learned. Algorithms that simplify the function to a known form are called
parametric machine learning algorithms

A learning model that summarizes data with a set of parameters of fixed size of fixed size (independent of the number of training examples) is called a 
paramteric model. No matter how much data you throw at a parametric model it wont change its mind about how many parameters is need.
The whole idea with parametric models is that it makes use of fixed parameters. Fixed assumptions

The algorithms involve two steps
1) Select a form for the function
2) Learn the coefficients of the function from the training data

