Techniques to use when evaluating machine learning algorithms to limit overfitting

- Use a resampling technique to estimate model accuracy
- Hold back a validation dataset

The most popular resampling technique is the k-fold cross validation. It allows you to train and test your model k times on different subsets of training data
and build up an estimate of a machine learning model on unseen data. 

Gradient Descent for Machine Learning
Optimization is a big part of machine learning. Almost every machine learning algorithm has an optimization algorithm at its core.

Gradient descent is an optimization algorithm used to find the values of parameters (coefficients) of a function (f) that minimizes a cost function. Gradient descent
is best used when the parameters cannot be calculated analytically and must be searched for by an optimization algorithm

The goal is to get the values of the coefficients that result in the lowest cost

The procedure starts off with initial values for the coefficient or coefficients for the function. This could be 0.0 or a small random value

There is a cost function f() to which we pass in our coefficients as parameters and they return the cost.

After getting the cost, we need to obtain the derivative of the cost. The derivative refers to the slope of the function at a given point.
We need the derivative to know the direction to move the coefficient values in order to get a lower cost on the next iteration

delta=derivative(cost) 

After knowing the direction to move so as to reduce the cost, we can now update the coefficient values. A learning rate parameter (alpha) must be specified
that controls how much the coefficients can change on each update. A learning rate parameter (alpha) must be specified that controls how much the coefficients can 
change on each update.

coefficient=coefficient - (alpha * delta)

The process is repeated until the cost of the coefficients is 0.0 or no further improvement in cost can be achieved

Essentially, the cost function is what estimates how far away the function is from the answer

