Github Actions
Developer Workflow use cases. Most common workflow use case is for CI/CD. Github Actions is a platform to automate developer workflows. Github Actions is more than just CI/CD. CI/CD
is just one of the many developer workflows that can be automated with Github Actions.

With Github Actions, everytime something happens in or to your repository (events), You can configure a corresponding action to be executed in response. Other third party applications
that we have integrated our application can also have events. You want to listen for the event, then trigger the workflow in which the corresponding action is executed.

A chain or combination of actions is called a workflow

CI/CD Workflow - Once you commit your code, it test your code, builds the artifact and pushes the build to a storage mechanism and then deploys

AWS Container Registry

A basic github workflow file will have an optional name which describes what the workflow is all about, an on section which defines the different events that the workflows are listening
for. and then a required jobs section which defines the different jobs to be executed.

The actions/ path in github is where predefined actions are located/hosted. Make use of the uses attribute to use a predefined action
uses selects an action while run runs a command. 

Workflows for github are executed on github's servers. For every new job that you setup, a fresh, new server/virtual environment will be setup for the job. By default, these jobs
run in parallel but say we want to publish a new release of our app after the build step. In this case, we would want the publish job to be ran after the build job. In this case,
we can specify a needs parameter in the publish job. This is like depends_on in docker-compose. The runs-on parameter in the job specifies the OS that you want the job
to be tested on. It comes in three, different versions, ubuntu, windows and mac-os. So syay you have an application that runs in three different environments, we can simulate and test
in these environments.

Make use of strategy-matrix if we need to specify multiple of versions of something in our workflow file

String interpolation - ${{}}

In yml, if we want to execute multiline or linked commands, we can do so with a pipe |